feat: Add gotestmd initial implementation (#2)
networkservicemesh/gotestmd: README.md

# gotestmd

> Tool to generate golang tests based on markdown examples

Reviewer: examples -> documents. Please fix in second PR.

> Tool to generate golang tests based on markdown examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool to generate go tests based on markdown files.
```
